hey guys mr. time I'm in here and
welcome back to their minecraft video
today I'll be showing you a compact a
really compact three by three door made
by me of course um yeah this is all it
is three circuits do you have the red
circuit the blue circuit in the Sian
circuit so i'll show you the blue
circuit what if what it does a blue
circuit will close the door and then it
will retract half of it and then the red
circuit retracts the whole thing see
here altogether it closed and opened
this is the red circuit itself right
here is the cyan circuit so the blue
circuit in the red Sark it would be
right here under your two sticky pistons
would be right there and stuff so you
can do that and then there you go it's
closed open closed oh so now I'll be
telling you how to make this um and
before I get the block area is a 7 by 3
by nine so it would be seven long and
three wide and ninth all so that equal
up to a hundred and eighty-nine block
area so now let's go over here and place
three stone blocks so make it 3 by seven
area so put three and then so you have
two links and then three four five six
seven oh eight seven okay so now you
have this now you want to take a lover
or a input or a button or something like
that um preferably a solid signal Oh
something like that now when you start
out with this
when you place your lover you want to
put it to three blocks over from the
left side now you put a torch on from
the back and take out the block put a
block on top of their put a torch on the
block on top next you want to put a
repeater on two tix with two blocks
right here put a dust right there with a
torch and then you want to put a piston
right there with a piston right here
with two pistons right there and then
now we go on to the red circuit so you
want to draw power from this block and
put a note take repeater place three red
blocks with a 3-2 creepier and for take
make sure this is not like three ticks
and for ticks not exactly sure if it
would mess it up but I haven't tried it
so I wouldn't try it um so now we put a
dust right here with a piston and sand
or you can put a piston in a block on
the piston and sand is more survival
friendly so yeah that's more survivable
friendly surprised it works um now we
want to a 4 tick repeater right there
with a to take repeater right there with
a block and then you want the place go
ahead want to go ahead and place your
3-door blocks get out a slab of some
sort and place it right here right above
this to take repeater and then
next you want to put a redstone desk top
of that slab and put redstone dust on
top of the red block put a block next to
the repeater and the redstone so when
this gets powered it'll power here power
into this power this block also and it
will power this block right here so a
power a piston so now we have the cyan
color in part so first we would probably
want to make the frame so you want to
build a block right here with two
pistons on top and take that out right
here you want to put a block next to
that slab not forever so put two Pistons
right there take out that block and
place in your wall blocks and go ahead
and place your top place three blocks
above the top place your three Pistons
right there so you have this shape right
here and then you want to take this out
so then you have just the 757 Pistons
today too right there are two right
there are four five six seven and so now
if we will make the blue circuit blocks
so you next to this redstone right here
on the left side if you're looking at it
from the front it's on the left side you
put a block right there with a torch on
top torch stag in place two blocks right
here and then place a torch with
redstone and then place your wall blocks
right there and also right here so next
you want to put redstone all the way
over here and then get out some blocks
and then put box right there put a
repeater
repeater repeater repeater so now we
have all these repeaters if you want
this to open at the exact same time put
a repeater right there now if we try
this out so we'll open and close if you
want to make it too fast as they can go
this is how fast i think i can make it
go without the repeater so yeah guys
that's the tutorial pretty compact the 1
189 block area so yeah guys um thanks
for watching and have a nice day